ag-grid-tree-table-self-referential/README.md, before:

# Sample for ag grid, vite, typescript
```bash
nvm use    
npm i    
npm run dev
```

# todo
-[x] convert to self-referential records
-[x] use shared from App 
-[x] edit a car cell 
-[x] split the id up to visible and invisible bits
-[x] edit a folder name cell
-[x] add a row from external action with no parents
-[x] keep row open on folder edit
-[x] reorganize Car into folder with DnD
-[x] DnD folder into unrelated folder
-[x] DnD prevent folder into descendant folder
-[x] add an empty group at top-level
-[x] save to local storage
-[x] load from local storage
-[x] on add pin new to bottom
-[x] refactor new logic, upsert
-[x] better way to get unique id with time
-[x] highlight new pinned rows somehow, bold?
-[x] add description 
-[x] use agLargeTextCellEditor for description
-[x] save in progress to local storage and app state
-[x] fix cell editor for description
-[x] clean up names
-[x] test pretty well
-[x] fix bug with upsert of new row
-[x] fix the bug with a new row and description edited with tab
-------------
-[ ] filters
-------------
-[ ] delete Car icon? context menu?
-[ ] base type
-[ ] add from table?
-[ ] filter on name even though tree 
-[ ] delete folder and children icon? context menu?
-[ ] control visibility at group level
-[ ] control visibility at individual level
-[ ] make DnD more obvious, show where it is going?
-[ ] add a different type
-[ ] scroll to the new row when it moves up
-[ ] refactor and clean up

Commit message:

type only in group, searching on names

ag-grid-tree-table-self-referential/README.md, after:

# Sample for ag grid, vite, typescript
```bash
nvm use    
npm i    
npm run dev
```

# todo
-[x] convert to self-referential records
-[x] use shared from App 
-[x] edit a car cell 
-[x] split the id up to visible and invisible bits
-[x] edit a folder name cell
-[x] add a row from external action with no parents
-[x] keep row open on folder edit
-[x] reorganize Car into folder with DnD
-[x] DnD folder into unrelated folder
-[x] DnD prevent folder into descendant folder
-[x] add an empty group at top-level
-[x] save to local storage
-[x] load from local storage
-[x] on add pin new to bottom
-[x] refactor new logic, upsert
-[x] better way to get unique id with time
-[x] highlight new pinned rows somehow, bold?
-[x] add description 
-[x] use agLargeTextCellEditor for description
-[x] save in progress to local storage and app state
-[x] fix cell editor for description
-[x] clean up names
-[x] test pretty well
-[x] fix bug with upsert of new row
-[x] fix the bug with a new row and description edited with tab
-------------
-[ ] filter on name also. id thing should just be type
-[ ] must be able to drag to the top level
-------------
-[ ] delete Car icon? context menu?
-[ ] base type
-[ ] add from table?
-[ ] filter on name even though tree 
-[ ] delete folder and children icon? context menu?
-[ ] control visibility at group level
-[ ] control visibility at individual level
-[ ] make DnD more obvious, show where it is going?
-[ ] add a different type
-[ ] scroll to the new row when it moves up
-[ ] refactor and clean up
